#summary Forwarding notifications from Growl for Windows
#labels HowTo,Forwarding

= Introduction =
In this mode of operation, Growl for Windows will forward notifications from the computer to Growl for Android whenever GfW can contact the Android device.


= How To =
On your Android device:
  # Install Growl for Android from the Android Market.
  # In the main window, press the toggle button to start the Growl listener service.
  # Press the menu button, then choose Preferences.
  # Scroll down and select Password Manager. The password list will be empty, as we haven't added any passwords yet.
  # Press the menu button, the choose Add Password.
  # Enter any name and value you like for the password.
  # Press the Add button. The name of your password will appear in the list.
  # Press the back button twice to return to the main window.

On your computer:
  # Install [http://growlforwindows.com Growl for Windows].
  # Open the Growl options dialog, then switch to the Network tab.
  # Press the Add button below the Forwarding list.
  # Enter a name of your choosing for the forward.
  # Enter the domain name or IP address of your Android device.
  # Leave the Port as 23053 and the Protocol as GNTP.
  # Press the OK button.
  # Notifications from Growl should now appear on the main window of Growl for Android.

*Important:* If you already have applications registered with Growl for Windows, you will need to re-register them for them to show up in Growl for Android. Most applications re-register their notifications at startup, so re-starting the application on your computer should make it show up.

To see a list of all registered applications in Growl for Android, press the menu button from the main window and choose Applications.