#summary Information for developers
#labels Phase-Implementation

== Required Components ==

 * [http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html The Android SDK]
 * [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/ Eclipse 3.5 (Galileo)]
 * [http://developer.android.com/sdk/eclipse-adt.html Android Development Tools (ADT) for Eclipse]
 * A Subversion client. If you're on Windows, try [http://tortoisesvn.net/downloads TortoiseSVN].


== Getting Started ==

 * Install the above components according to their respective instructions.
 * Make sure you install the SDK Platform Android 2.0 package in the Android SDK Manager.
 * Create an Android 2.0 virtual device in the Android SDK Manager.
 * [http://code.google.com/p/growlforandroid/source/checkout Check out] the source code.
  The main code is in `trunk/GrowlForAndroid/` so check this folder out into your Eclipse workspace. On Windows, your workspace folder will by default be `%USERPROFILE%\workspace`.
 * Upon checking out the code, start up Eclipse. If the `GrowlForAndroid` project doesn't appear in the Package Explorer, choose *File -> Refresh* to update your workspace.
 * You should now be able to run the application on the virtual device by clicking the Debug button in Eclipse and choosing to run the project as an Android Application.

== Sending GNTP Notifications to the Emulator ==
 
 * Make sure that you don't have Growl running on your development machine.
 * Open a command prompt, navigate to the Android SDK tools directory and run:
   `adb forward tcp:23053 tcp:23053`

   to forward TCP connections from the local machine to the emulator.
 * Use GrowlNotify to send a notification by running something like:
   `growlnotify /a:applicationName /r:notificationType /n:notificationType /t:title text`

   You should see the message:

   _Notification sent successfully_

   on the console, and the notification should appear in the status bar on the Android virtual device.

=== Note ===
The Android emulator will only accept connections from the local machine, not from the network. If you wish to test network notifications, you'll need to use a TCP proxy such as  [http://aluigi.altervista.org/mytoolz.htm Simple TCP proxy/datapipe 0.4.6a (stcpipe)] to listen on a local port and forward the connections to the port used by the emulator.